Main README changes (#63)
AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples: README.md

This repository contains example workflows of how to use data downloaded from
[refine.bio](https://www.refine.bio).

## Getting started

### How to use this repository
We recommend [cloning](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/)
this repository and following the example analyses.
You can also use the green button that says "Clone or download" to "Download
ZIP" and then use this repository as you please on your own computer, if you
prefer.

Each directory in this repository is a set of example workflows to follow.

> See the list of `Example Workflows` below for list of the analysis topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the list of [**Example Workflows**](#example-workflows-in-this-repository) below for list of the analysis topics.
```

*Each directory is its own set of example workflows and contains:*

> - A`README` that introduces you to the concepts and example analyses in that module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `README` that introduces you to the concepts, requirements, and workflows for that module.
```

- Example dataset(s) in the `data/` folder
- An R markdown (`Rmd`) file that you can use in RStudio to run the analysis
- An R notebook (`nb.html`) file that is the resulting output of the Rmd file

> but in a prettier format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rendered as an HTML file.
```

- A `results` and/or `plots` folder(s) that contains the output of the analyses.

As you get more comfortable with the examples, we encourage you to apply these
example workflows to your own refine.bio data.
After downloading a refine.bio dataset, you can analyze them in these examples

> by copying and pasting your data and metadata TSV files from your refine.bio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by placing the gene expression and metadata TSV files from your refine.bio
```

download file into the respective `data/` folder for that module.

> You'll need to change any directory paths in the notebook to have the name of

Reviewer: I think `directory paths` here is unclear because we're talking about how we recommend putting the data in the `data/` folder. How about something like `file names` instead?

your own dataset.
You will likely have to alter other steps of the examples, particularly those

> having to deal with the metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cleaning or filtering based on metadata.
```

## General requirements for the example workflows

> This module requires you to install the following software to run examples yourself:

Reviewer: @dvenprasad do you think the list should be retained or should this be made into a sentence?

* [**R**](https://cran.r-project.org/)
* [**Bioconductor**](https://bioconductor.org/install/)
* [**tidyverse**](https://www.tidyverse.org/)
* [**RStudio**](https://www.rstudio.com/products/RStudio/) for working with [R Notebooks](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/notebook.html).
* [**devtools**](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/devtools/readme/README.html)
will be required for installing some packages from GitHub. We recommend installing `devtools` from CRAN.

These requirements can be installed by following the instructions at the links
above.
The example R Notebooks are designed to check if additional required packages
are installed and will install them if they are not.
Each example workflow directory will include further instructions for how to
follow along with the examples.

> ## Example workflows in this repository  

Reviewer: I think we may want to reorder these a bit: 1) clustering data 2) differential expression analyses 3) validate differential expression analyses 4) pathway analysis 5) dimension reduction 6) annotation using Ensembl IDs 7) ortholog mapping 8) quantile normalizing your own data

I also think we should change the text for some of these
`Annotation using Ensembl IDs` -> `Converting from Ensembl gene IDs to another identifier`
`Validate differential expression` -> `Validating differential expression results using refine.bio data`

See the list of [**Example Workflows**](#example-workflows-in-this-repository)
below for list of the analysis topics.

*Each directory is its own set of example workflows and contains:*

- A `README` that introduces you to the concepts, requirements, and workflows for that module.
- Example dataset(s) in the `data/` folder
- An R markdown (`Rmd`) file that you can use in RStudio to run the analysis
- An R notebook (`nb.html`) file that is the resulting output of the Rmd file
rendered as an HTML file.
- A `results` and/or `plots` folder(s) that contains the output of the analyses.

As you get more comfortable with the examples, we encourage you to apply these example workflows to your own refine.bio data.
After downloading a refine.bio dataset, you can analyze them in these examples by placing the gene expression and metadata TSV files from your refine.bio download file into the respective `data/` folder for that module.
You'll need to change any file names in the notebook to correspond to your own dataset.
You will likely have to alter other steps of the examples, particularly those cleaning or filtering based on metadata.

## General requirements for the example workflows

> This module requires you to install the following software to run examples yourself.

Reviewer 2: Each module?

* [**devtools**](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/devtools/readme/README.html)
will be required for installing some packages from GitHub. We recommend installing `devtools` from CRAN.

These requirements can be installed by following the instructions at the links above.
The example R Notebooks are designed to check if additional required packages are installed and will install them if they are not.
Each example workflow directory will include further instructions for how to follow along with the examples.

## Example workflows in this repository  

1. [Clustering data](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples/blob/master/clustering)  

2. [Differential expression analyses](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples/blob/master/differential-expression)  

3. [Validating differential expression results using refine.bio data](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples/blob/master/validate-differential-expression)

4. [Pathway analyses](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples/blob/master/pathway-analysis)

> 5. [Dimension Reduction](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples/blob/master/dimension-reduction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Dimension reduction](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples/blob/master/dimension-reduction)
```
